Enable JNDI for MongoDB extension (#23024)
quarkusio/quarkus: docs/src/main/asciidoc/mongodb.adoc

If you need more configuration properties, there is a full list at the end of this guide.

WARNING: By default Quarkus will restrict the use of JNDI within an application, as a precaution to try and mitigate any future vulnerabilities similar to log4shell.

> Because mongo+srv protocol often used on MongoDB connection string requires JNDI this protection will be automatically disabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because the `mongo+srv` protocol often used to connect to MongoDB requires JNDI, this protection is automatically disabled when using the MongoDB client extension.
```
